## Leanpub book, originally based on Blog posts

This book started with the Git/Github related blog posts published on [my blog](http://blog.diniscruz.com) and eventually evolved into the book you have in your hands (or eReader).

The idea to use my blog posts was to:

* kickstart the creation of this book (and provide a number of chapters that could be further improved)
* capture the multiple experiments and learning curves that I experienced (while learning how to use Git/Github)
* provide a 'real world' point of view on how to learn and use Git/Github

The theme of this book is **'Practical'** (hence the name 'Practical Git and GitHub'), and what I am trying to do here is to show how to use these technologies in practical situations, specially how to apply them to solve real problems. This means that sometimes the end result is a bit messy, with lots of rabbit-holes/tangents followed (and un-followed). But that is how it works. When learning a new technology, what is really important is to experiment a lot, and see how it works for the problem we have at hand.

### Notes about current structure

At the moment, the chapter order is the one created by the original 'import from blogger' (i.e. by publish order). A better idea might be to create logical groups, so that the posts are ordered based on some user-friendly criteria (still to be defined)

At the moment I'm working/thinking about the best way to structure this content, and how to present it in a easy to read/consume format.

It would be great if you (the reader) could provide some feedback on the book's structure, for example:

* if you think the book's order should be different (or chapters renamed)
* there is content missing (really important to cover in an Git/Github book)
* a particular chapter is not very clear, easy-to-understand or relevant
* etc...

### About the Author

Dinis Cruz is a Developer and Application Security Engineer focused on how to develop secure applications. A key drive is on 'Automating Application Security Knowledge and Workflows' which is the main concept behind the OWASP O2 Platform and the FluentSharp APIs.

After many years (and multiple roles) Dinis is still very active at OWASP, currently leading the OWASP O2 Platform project and helping out other projects and initiatives.

After failing to scale his own security knowledge, learned Git, created security vulnerabilities in code published to production servers, delivered training to developers, and building multiple CI (Continuous Integration) environments; Dinis had the epiphany that the key to application security is "Secure Continuous Delivery: Developer's Immediate Connection to What They're Creating". This 'Immediate Connection/Feedback' concept is deep rooted in the development of the O2 Platform, and is something that will keep Dinis busy for many years.
